git init:
Initialize a new Git repository in the current directory.

git config --global user.name "Your Name":
Configure your Git username globally.

git config --global user.email your.email@example.com:
Configure your Git email globally.

git clone remote-repository-url:
Create a local copy of a remote repository on your computer.

git add filename:
Stage changes in the specified file for the next commit.

git commit -m "Your commit message":
Create a new commit with the staged changes and a descriptive message.

git log:
View the commit history, showing the details of past commits.

git branch branch-name:
Create a new branch with the specified name.

git checkout branch-name:
Switch to the specified branch.

git remote add origin remote-repository-url:
Link your local repository to a remote repository.

git push origin branch-name:
Push your local commits to the remote repository's branch.

git pull origin branch-name:
Fetch and merge changes from a remote repository into your local branch.

git revert commit-hash:
Create a new commit that undoes the changes introduced by a specific commit.

git remote -v:
List all remote repositories and their URLs.

git remote set-url origin new-remote-url:
Change the URL associated with a remote repository.

git remote rename old-name new-name:
Rename an existing remote repository.

git remote remove remote-name:
Remove a remote repository from your local configuration.

git checkout -b branch-name:
Create and switch to a new branch in one command.

git restore --staged filename:
Unstage a previously staged change, making it unstaged again.

git restore filename:
Discard changes in the working directory for the specified file.

git stash:
Temporarily save your current changes that you don't want to commit yet, allowing you to switch to another branch or perform other operations.

git stash pop:
Apply the most recent stash and remove it from the stash list. This is used to reapply your saved changes.

git stash list:
List all the stashes you've created, showing their unique identifiers and descriptions.

git stash apply stash@{n}:
Apply a specific stash from the stash list without removing it. Replace {n} with the index of the stash you want to apply.

git stash drop stash@{n}:
Remove a specific stash from the stash list without applying it. Replace {n} with the index of the stash you want to remove.

git stash clear:
Remove all stashes from the stash list. This clears the entire stash history.

git branch -D branch-name
Delete the branch even if it's not been merged into the main branch. (Force Delete)

git branch -d branch-name
Delete the branch if it's been completely merged into the main branch.
